<div><ol>
</ol></div><ol>
<p>路PROBLEM  :-1</p><p>路The first problem we faced was that the GSM module
was drawing too much of current from the Arduino due to which the Arduino was
not been able to light even an LED bulb. Then after some learning on the net we
found out about transistors mosfets and relays as amplifiers. We successfully
lit a LED with the help of mosfet and transistor. However the relay could not
be activated by the Arduino signal. So in order to make the signal strong we
first amplified it by passing it through a mosfet. Then the relay got
sufficient current ie 5VDC and 55mA of current to activate. Once the relay went
on not only small motors but even ac light bulbs and big thing could be
implemented to the project.</p><p>路PROBLEM  :--2</p><p>路To detect the presence of people in the room we
decided to use PIR sensor. However if a person is sleeping in the room the PIR
sensor would give false reading. This led to our second and the most important
problem. So we developed the LDR Laser sensor. We where to place two LDR with
laser pointing on them, one outside and another inside the door . When a person
would pass the LDR reading would drop suddenly. We named the outside as sensor
1 and the inside one as sensor 2. When one person enter the room the sensor 1
would first drop then after some time 2 would drop. We programmed a counter to
take it as +1 similarly on second person does it counter goes +2.When people
went out we did just the opposite.ie sensor 2 will become low first then the
sensor 1.and we would decrement the counter. When the counter drops to 0 it
means no person is in the room .</p></ol>